Hi, guys.
Worker In this lecture, we're going to continue from where we start.
Now you can see over the finished step we have this widget on top of the image.
Now to do this, you're going to need to go back to our record.
In the last lecture we had earlier use a stock widget.
The reason for this dark widget is because we want to be able to place widgets on top of widgets.
Okay, now we are going to need to use control and be in a that's a big this wide.
Okay.
That's a place with lots of widgets.
This stock widget has a property known as position.
So after this container, we're going to give it to the cover that we're going to say, pull the shed.
Okay.
This is the tide is going to be I call it for now.
Later we're going to do.
This.
That is just as we get for now, we can just have an I call widgets.
Okay.
Icon widget.
It is going to be icons, dots, fable.
Civil rights.
Okay.
I caused that fever, right?
I think it's okay.
So I'm just going to get rid of this.
Let's say we have an icon like this.
Okay.
Great.
Now.
I think we need to have it.
Okay.
Over in this, you can see we need an additional parenthesis then.
The Control initiative.
And good check what you just did.
Okay.
You can see it now.
There.
Now we can tickets to the right to do that.
This position has a variety.
So you can see rates of 20.
Okay.
So they're going to go to the right now.
Great.
Now, can I take it a bit from the top so you can't see top?
Oh 15.
Okay.
And go check it out.
Okay, great.
Now, this icon of the property known as color, so you can see color follows that red.
Okay.
Now we are not doing this because in your future we will show you how to do the same thing, but using
a package.
So that's why in in any future lecture we are going to do this for for now we're just going to go with
this.
I call the widgets.
Okay.
So we can add the background to this icon.
To do that, we need to have this icon which acts as a container.
So over here, we're going to use control and then we're going to go to our ports container.
Right.
Then over here we can have a decoration and a box.
The crucial class.
Right.
Okay.
Then we can see color is going to be colors those white.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Now we can make this rounded, right?
By using what's the shape?
So you can see the issue is going to be box shape.
That circle.
Okay.
You.
I think this is more over the content you can give.
Pardon.
It's going to be ages sets.
Their agent said that all we're just going to say it's okay.
Then as well, we can reduce this icon.
So this icon we did as a property, not our size, we can just see 15.
Okay.
Is controlling.
This is safe and good.
Check it out.
Okay.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
So now the next thing we're going to do is I say decant in our story outside the stock.
Right.
We are going to have, first of all, the chain of command, then they're going to have exists widgets
to display the name of the cause, the name of the products.
So there's going to be close.
The arts.
Product name.
Okay.
You can convert it to a string.
That's a string.
Okay.
Either through a comma.
Go check it out.
Okay.
You can sit there.
Now we can give this a try.
So there's going to be a test.
So I.
Then test.
Tie.
First of all, you can change the font size.
So font suites to form suites.
That board.
Okay.
Right.
Great.
Now we can't turn of the price so that you cover test.
We did right okay is going to be close to that's.
Price.
Okay.
Then you can convert it to two string to say to test the case either to recover.
And then as well.
You can of a sty.
It's going to be test sty.
Right.
You can't see font.
Weeds.
Front weeds.
That boat.
Okay.
The takeover and go check it out.
But I think they are way too close to what we can do.
We can say.
Height.
Of one third.
Right on.
This is.
Okay.
Try and cover.
As well.
We can see how it's.
1.6.
Okay.
Great.
Now it is more like the size works, right?
Okay.
Grids.
Now the next thing we're going to do is we're going to take this to the side of it, I think is way
too far from the left.
So to do this, I'm going to go to the whole.
The home screen.
Now what we can do is over the scale of widgets probably use across us settlements, across US alignment.
Across us is.
Elements, thoughts starts.
So we want allowed to start from the left.
Right.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now, we can give some margin to this.
We can go back to the products.
Then over this container you basically want to give the pardon to.
Over here.
You can see margin edge.
It said that all old sides or 15 is going to check and see what it does.
Okay.
I think 15 is way too much.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
Look in grades.
Okay, guys, see you in a this picture.